# BRRO Compressor

Version: 0.5 Released: 30/11/2023

## Major Changes

### 0.5

- Added Polynomial Compressor (with 2 variants)
- Created and Integrated a proper file type (wbro)
- Benchmarks of the different compressors
- Integration testing
- Several fixes and cleanups

## Description

BRRO Compressor is a compressor that relies on the characteristics of a signal to provide a far greater compression that currently existing ones. BRRO relies on different techniques based on a initial analysis of the signal to use the best suited method for compressor for that specific signal segment.

For a detailed description on the compressor methods and logic check `BRRO.md`.

## Getting Started with BRRO Compressor

### Prerequisites

- Ensure you have [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) and Cargo installed on your system.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/instaclustr/fft-compression
   cd fft-compression
   ```

2. Build the project:
   ```bash
   cargo build --release
   ```

### Usage

Currently BRRO relies on have Raw BRRO files generated by our prometheus remote endpoint. This would work as input for the compressor.

Compressor usage:

```
Usage: brro-compressor [OPTIONS] <INPUT>

Arguments:
<INPUT>  input file

Options:
--compressor <COMPRESSOR>  [default: auto] [possible values: auto, fft, constant, polynomial]
-u                             Uncompresses the input file/directory
-h, --help                     Print help
-V, --version                  Print version
```

#### Compress a File

To compress a file using the BRRO Compressor, run:

```bash
brro-compressor <input-file>
```

#### Decompress a File

To decompress a file, use the following command:

```bash
brro-compressor -u <input-file>
```

## Programs and description

This repository contains one main program and other programs that serve different purposes, some are for just testing, others do some actual work.

### flac-server

**NOTE**: Remote read is currently NOT working, as it depends on FLAC files that are no longer generated.

Needs a prometheus server. We need it to get our samples out. Supports read and write from prometheus.

Launch the `flac-server` and set it as your remote endpoint for prometheus, example below.

```YAML
# Remote read and Write
remote_write:
   - url: "http://localhost:9201/api/write"

remote_read:
   - url: "http://localhost:9201/api/read"
     read_recent: true
     name: "flac_server"
```

Make Prometheus server a source of your grafana and check the data.

### brro_optimizer

Maybe the most important tool at this point, it picks a WAV file from the datasets described below and optimizes it into a way that we might see a meaningful compression into FLAC.
The tool also has options to dump the output of the file as a single sample per period, instead of the 4 channels. This is good to obtain the data as it was feed into the flac-server.
The code performs optimizations based on file name, so renaming might cause issues.

Usage (Getting raw samples): `./brro_optimizer infile.wav --dump-raw > file.raw`
Usage (Getting optimized samples): `./brro_optimizer infile.wav --dump-optimized > file.raw`
Usage (Generate a optimized file): `./brro_optimizer -w infile.wav`

If you set the ENV Variable for Debug it will output what it is doing.

### Matlab folder

Exploratory code. Should be removed.

## Roadmap

1. Update `flac-server` to read/write WBRO/BRO files.
2. Streaming compression/decompression
3. Automated compressor selection
4. Frame expansion (Allowing new data to be appended to existing frames)
